Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are friends and avid readers who occasionally trade books. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new book: Alice gets The Fellowship of the Ring, Bob gets Ulysses, Claire gets The Pearl, Dave gets The Great Gatsby, Eve gets Frankenstein, Fred gets The Odyssey, and Gertrude gets Moby Dick.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new books. First, Claire and Dave swap books. Then, Gertrude and Dave swap books (let's call it Action 1). Then, Dave and Claire swap books (let's call it Action 2). Then, Claire and Dave swap books (let's call it Action 3). Then, Dave and Gertrude swap books (let's call it Action 4). Then, Alice and Fred swap books (let's call it Action 5). Then, Alice and Fred discuss something (let's call it Action 6). Then, Alice and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Alice swap books (let's call it Action 7). Then, Alice and Fred swap books. Then, Dave and Fred swap books (let's call it Action 8). Then, Fred and Eve swap books (let's call it Action 9). Then, Eve and Fred swap books (let's call it Action 10). Then, Fred and Dave swap books (let's call it Action 11). Then, nothing happens for a while (let's call it Action 12). Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Fred and Bob swap books (let's call it Action 13). Then, Bob and Fred swap books (let's call it Action 14). Then, Claire and Alice swap books (let's call it Action 15). Then, Claire and Alice discuss something (let's call it Action 16). Then, Claire and Alice swap books. Then, Dave and Gertrude swap books. Then, Gertrude and Eve swap books (let's call it Action 17). Then, Eve and Gertrude swap books (let's call it Action 18). Then, Gertrude and Dave swap books. Then, Alice and Gertrude swap books (let's call it Action 19). Then, Gertrude and Bob swap books (let's call it Action 20). Then, Bob and Gertrude swap books (let's call it Action 21). Then, Gertrude and Alice swap books (let's call it Action 22). Then, Alice and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Claire swap books (let's call it Action 23). Then, Claire and Fred swap books (let's call it Action 24). Then, Fred and Alice swap books. Then, Action 21 repeats. Then, Action 20 repeats. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Fred and Bob swap books. Then, Fred and Bob discuss something (let's call it Action 25). Then, Fred and Bob swap books. Then, Eve and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Eve swap books. Then, Bob and Gertrude swap books. Then, Gertrude and Bob swap books. Then, Claire and Eve swap books (let's call it Action 26). Then, Eve and Claire swap books (let's call it Action 27). Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Eve and Alice swap books (let's call it Action 28). Then, Alice and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Eve swap books (let's call it Action 29). Then, Fred and Alice swap books. Then, Fred and Alice discuss something (let's call it Action 30). Then, Fred and Alice swap books. Then, Gertrude and Eve swap books. Then, Eve and Bob swap books (let's call it Action 31). Then, Bob and Eve swap books (let's call it Action 32). Then, Eve and Gertrude swap books. Then, Gertrude and Alice swap books. Then, Action 19 repeats. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Alice and Bob swap books (let's call it Action 33). Then, Bob and Alice swap books (let's call it Action 34). Then, Action 2 repeats. Then, Claire and Gertrude swap books (let's call it Action 35). Then, Gertrude and Claire swap books (let's call it Action 36). Then, Claire and Dave swap books. Then, Alice and Claire swap books (let's call it Action 37). Then, Alice and Claire discuss something (let's call it Action 38). Then, Alice and Claire swap books. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Action 29 repeats. Then, Alice and Eve discuss something (let's call it Action 39). Then, Alice and Eve swap books. Then, Fred and Dave swap books. Then, Dave and Bob swap books (let's call it Action 40). Then, Bob and Dave swap books (let's call it Action 41). Then, Action 8 repeats. Then, Action 12 repeats. Then, Alice and Eve swap books. Then, Eve and Bob swap books. Then, Eve and Bob discuss something (let's call it Action 42). Then, Eve and Bob swap books. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Fred and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Dave swap books (let's call it Action 43). Then, Dave and Alice swap books (let's call it Action 44). Then, Action 5 repeats. Then, Eve and Alice swap books. Then, Action 29 repeats. Then, Action 12 repeats. Then, Gertrude and Dave swap books. Then, Gertrude and Dave discuss something (let's call it Action 45). Then, Gertrude and Dave swap books. Then, Eve and Dave swap books (let's call it Action 46). Then, Action 40 repeats. Then, Action 41 repeats. Then, Dave and Eve swap books (let's call it Action 47). Then, Eve and Gertrude swap books. Then, Eve and Gertrude discuss something (let's call it Action 48). Then, Eve and Gertrude swap books. Then, Alice and Gertrude swap books. Then, Action 22 repeats. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Claire and Dave swap books. Then, Claire and Dave discuss something (let's call it Action 49). Then, Claire and Dave swap books. Then, Claire and Dave swap books. Then, Action 2 repeats. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Action 41 repeats. Then, Dave and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Dave swap books. Then, Action 40 repeats. Then, Claire and Eve swap books. Then, Claire and Eve discuss something (let's call it Action 50). Then, Action 26 repeats. Then, Dave and Fred swap books. Then, Dave and Fred discuss something (let's call it Action 51). Then, Dave and Fred swap books. Then, Eve and Fred swap books. Then, Action 11 repeats. Then, Dave and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Eve swap books. Then, Alice and Bob swap books. Then, Bob and Claire swap books (let's call it Action 52). Then, Claire and Bob swap books (let's call it Action 53). Then, Bob and Alice swap books. Then, Dave and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Dave swap books. Then, Alice and Bob swap books. Then, Bob and Claire swap books. Then, Claire and Bob swap books. Then, Bob and Alice swap books. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Gertrude and Fred swap books (let's call it Action 54). Then, Fred and Gertrude swap books (let's call it Action 55). Then, Bob and Dave swap books. Then, Dave and Bob swap books. Then, Claire and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Fred swap books. Then, Action 7 repeats. Then, Action 37 repeats. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Dave and Alice swap books. Then, Dave and Alice discuss something (let's call it Action 56). Then, Dave and Alice swap books. Then, Action 29 repeats. Then, Eve and Bob swap books. Then, Bob and Eve swap books. Then, Eve and Alice swap books. Then, Dave and Claire swap books. Then, Dave and Claire discuss something (let's call it Action 57). Then, Dave and Claire swap books. Then, Action 35 repeats. Then, Action 17 repeats. Then, Action 18 repeats. Then, Gertrude and Claire swap books. Then, Bob and Fred swap books. Then, Bob and Fred discuss something (let's call it Action 58). Then, Action 14 repeats. Then, Alice and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Alice swap books. Then, Fred and Eve swap books. Then, Action 10 repeats. Then, Gertrude and Alice swap books. Then, Gertrude and Alice discuss something (let's call it Action 59). Then, Gertrude and Alice swap books. Then, Dave and Claire swap books. Then, Action 35 repeats. Then, Gertrude and Claire swap books. Then, Claire and Dave swap books. Then, Action 10 repeats. Then, Action 9 repeats. Then, Action 12 repeats. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Action 54 repeats. Then, Fred and Gertrude swap books. Then, Gertrude and Dave swap books. Then, Bob and Eve swap books. Then, Eve and Bob swap books. Then, Action 41 repeats. Then, Dave and Eve swap books. Then, Eve and Dave swap books. Then, Dave and Bob swap books. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Eve and Dave swap books. Then, Dave and Bob swap books. Then, Action 41 repeats. Then, Dave and Eve swap books. Then, Bob and Dave swap books. Then, Dave and Alice swap books. Then, Action 43 repeats. Then, Action 40 repeats. Then, Alice and Fred swap books. Then, Action 9 repeats. Then, Eve and Fred swap books. Then, Action 7 repeats. Then, Dave and Eve swap books. Then, Dave and Eve discuss something (let's call it Action 60). Then, Dave and Eve swap books. Then, Alice and Eve swap books. Then, Action 28 repeats. Then, Action 8 repeats. Then, Fred and Gertrude swap books. Then, Gertrude and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Dave swap books. Then, Action 27 repeats. Then, Claire and Bob swap books. Then, Bob and Claire swap books. Then, Claire and Eve swap books. Then, Action 12 repeats. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Gertrude and Dave swap books. Then, Action 45 repeats. Then, Gertrude and Dave swap books. Then, Dave and Claire swap books. Then, Action 57 repeats. Then, Dave and Claire swap books. Then, Action 8 repeats. Then, Action 51 repeats. Then, Dave and Fred swap books. Then, Dave and Gertrude swap books. Then, Dave and Gertrude discuss something (let's call it Action 61). Then, Dave and Gertrude swap books. Then, Fred and Claire swap books. Then, Fred and Claire discuss something (let's call it Action 62). Then, Fred and Claire swap books. Then, Claire and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Eve swap books. Then, Action 10 repeats. Then, Fred and Claire swap books. Then, Dave and Eve swap books. Then, Eve and Dave swap books. Then, Action 9 repeats. Then, Fred and Eve discuss something (let's call it Action 63). Then, Fred and Eve swap books. Then, Action 46 repeats. Then, Dave and Eve swap books. Then, Action 12 repeats. Then, Claire and Fred swap books. Then, Claire and Fred discuss something (let's call it Action 64). Then, Action 24 repeats. Then, Eve and Gertrude swap books. Then, Gertrude and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Gertrude swap books. Then, Action 17 repeats. Then, Dave and Fred swap books. Then, Dave and Fred discuss something. Then, Dave and Fred swap books. Then, Bob and Dave swap books. Then, Dave and Bob swap books. Then, Action 12 repeats. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Action 33 repeats. Then, Bob and Alice swap books. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Claire and Dave swap books. Then, Action 2 repeats. Then, Action 12 repeats. Then, Fred and Bob swap books. Then, Action 14 repeats. Then, Bob and Dave swap books. Then, Action 40 repeats. Then, Action 2 repeats. Then, Action 3 repeats. Then, Gertrude and Eve swap books. Then, Gertrude and Eve discuss something (let's call it Action 65). Then, Gertrude and Eve swap books. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Gertrude and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Gertrude swap books. Then, Action 17 repeats. Then, Eve and Dave swap books. Then, Dave and Eve swap books. Then, Eve and Gertrude swap books. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Claire and Dave swap books. Then, Claire and Dave discuss something. Then, Claire and Dave swap books. Then, Alice and Claire swap books. Then, Alice and Claire discuss something. Then, Alice and Claire swap books. Then, Alice and Fred swap books. Then, Action 15 repeats. Then, Claire and Alice discuss something. Then, Action 15 repeats. Then, Bob and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Dave swap books. Then, Dave and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Bob swap books. Then, Action 52 repeats. Then, Bob and Claire discuss something (let's call it Action 66). Then, Action 52 repeats. Then, Dave and Gertrude swap books. Then, Dave and Gertrude discuss something. Then, Dave and Gertrude swap books. Then, Dave and Alice swap books. Then, Action 37 repeats. Then, Action 15 repeats. Then, Alice and Dave swap books. Then, Bob and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Bob swap books. Then, Claire and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Claire swap books. Then, Gertrude and Bob swap books. Then, Bob and Gertrude swap books. Then, Action 31 repeats. Then, Bob and Eve swap books. Then, Bob and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Gertrude swap books. Then, Gertrude and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Bob swap books. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Alice and Claire swap books. Then, Claire and Alice swap books. Then, nothing happens for a while. Then, Gertrude and Alice swap books. Then, Gertrude and Alice discuss something. Then, Gertrude and Alice swap books. Then, Bob and Fred swap books. Then, Fred and Bob swap books. Then, Fred and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Fred swap books. Then, Gertrude and Bob swap books. Then, Gertrude and Bob discuss something (let's call it Action 67). Then, Action 20 repeats. Then, Fred and Bob swap books. Then, Bob and Gertrude swap books. Then, Gertrude and Bob swap books. Then, Bob and Fred swap books. Then, Action 34 repeats. Then, Action 33 repeats. Then, Gertrude and Eve swap books. Then, Eve and Bob swap books. Then, Bob and Eve swap books. Then, Eve and Gertrude swap books. Then, Fred and Dave swap books. Then, Action 8 repeats. Then, Action 12 repeats. Then, Bob and Claire swap books. Then, Alice and Eve swap books. Finally, Eve and Claire swap books. At the end of the semester, Fred has
Options:
(A) The Fellowship of the Ring
(B) Ulysses
(C) The Pearl
(D) The Great Gatsby
(E) Frankenstein
(F) The Odyssey
(G) Moby Dick