There are 8 people next to each other in a row in positions 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 who have the following characteristics.
Everyone is a different nationality: Chilean, Turkish, Bangladeshi, Japanese, Belarusian, Swede, Italian, Australian.
Everyone reads a different genre of books: short story, science fiction, fantasy, spiritual, history, magical realism, mystery, humor.
Everyone plays a different musical instrument: harmonica, oboe, guitar, violin, drums, flute, cello, piano.
Everyone likes a different favorite animal: starfish, beavers, kudus, eagles, otters, hippopotamuses, elk, donkeys.
Everyone likes a different fruit: oranges, blueberries, apples, bananas, strawberries, kiwis, pears, mangoes.
Everyone plays a different sport: ice hockey, baseball, table tennis, tennis, squash, badminton, cricket, basketball.
Everyone lives in a different colored house: silver, beige, purple, grey, orange, black, cyan, turquoise.
Everyone likes a different physical activity: scuba diving, base jumping, skiing, hiking, running, snorkeling, paragliding, bungee jumping.
Using the clues provided below, answer the question at the end.
Clue 1: The person who lives in the black house is the person who reads spiritual books.
Clue 2: The basketball player is somewhere in between the person who eats apples and the person who likes scuba diving in that order.
Clue 3: The person who likes skiing is somewhere to the left of the cello player.
Clue 4: The person who likes otters is the person who reads short story books.
Clue 5: The Turkish is the drums player.
Clue 6: The person who lives in the cyan house is next to the badminton player.
Clue 7: The person who likes bungee jumping is next to the ice hockey player.
Clue 8: The guitar player is immediately to the left of the person at the 6th position.
Clue 9: The person who reads humor books is immediately to the left of the person who likes donkeys.
Clue 10: The piano player is the person who eats apples.
Clue 11: The flute player is the person who likes elk.
Clue 12: The person who likes beavers is somewhere to the left of the person who reads magical realism books.
Clue 13: The person who likes eagles is next to the person who lives in the black house.
Clue 14: The person who lives in the orange house is immediately to the left of the oboe player.
Clue 15: The harmonica player is at one of the ends.
Clue 16: The Australian is next to the harmonica player.
Clue 17: The person who eats mangoes is next to the person who likes bungee jumping.
Clue 18: The person who lives in the turquoise house is immediately to the left of the person who reads spiritual books.
Clue 19: The guitar player is the person who eats blueberries.
Clue 20: The person at the 7th position is the person who likes skiing.
Clue 21: The Bangladeshi is at one of the ends.
Clue 22: The person at the 8th position is next to the person who lives in the cyan house.
Clue 23: The person who reads spiritual books is next to the Japanese.
Clue 24: The person who lives in the beige house is next to the Turkish.
Clue 25: The person who eats kiwis is immediately to the left of the person who likes elk.
Clue 26: The squash player is the person who likes elk.
Clue 27: The person who likes base jumping is at one of the ends.
Clue 28: The person who reads history books is next to the person who lives in the cyan house.
Clue 29: The person who eats bananas is the basketball player.
Clue 30: The person who lives in the grey house is the Belarusian.
Clue 31: The person who lives in the grey house is the person who eats pears.
Clue 32: The person who eats apples is the person who likes hiking.
Clue 33: The person who eats oranges is at one of the ends.
Clue 34: The person who likes paragliding is immediately to the left of the person who reads fantasy books.
Clue 35: The person who likes running is somewhere to the left of the person who reads humor books.
Clue 36: The person who reads magical realism books is somewhere in between the person who likes bungee jumping and the baseball player in that order.
Clue 37: The person who lives in the black house is the Australian.
Clue 38: The violin player is the person who likes paragliding.
Clue 39: The badminton player is the person who likes bungee jumping.
Clue 40: The Swede is immediately to the left of the person who lives in the silver house.
Clue 41: The person who likes starfish is immediately to the left of the person who likes hiking.
Clue 42: The person who likes donkeys is the Swede.
Clue 43: The person who likes kudus is somewhere to the left of the person who likes scuba diving.
Clue 44: The drums player is immediately to the left of the person who lives in the cyan house.
Clue 45: The harmonica player is the person who reads short story books.
Clue 46: The person who likes elk is the Chilean.
Clue 47: The person who likes elk is somewhere to the left of the person who reads science fiction books.
Clue 48: The table tennis player is somewhere in between the person at the 2nd position and the person who reads humor books in that order.
Clue 49: The person who likes scuba diving is the Swede.
Clue 50: The cricket player is at one of the ends.
Clue 51: The Chilean is next to the cello player.
Clue 52: The person who likes skiing is immediately to the left of the person who eats pears.

Question: What position is the person who likes beavers at?